1. Read Your First Cup: An Introduction to the Java EE Platform — Focus on Chapter 2, “Understanding Java 
Platform, Enterprise Edition”

	a. Explain the tiers discussed in the article. On which does J2EE focus? On which to the Oracle database
	focus?

		Client Tier - Applications that access a Java EE server and are often located on a different machine
		than the server. Not always Java applications- can be a browser or another server
		
		Web Tier - Handles interactions between the client tier and the business tiers
		
		Business Tier - Components that proveide the business logic for an application
		
		Enterprise Information Systems Tier - Database servers, enterprise resource planning systems, and other
		legacy datta sources. This is what J2EE focuses on.
	
	b. Explain the nature of a J2EE container. What sort of containers are there?
	
		Containers are the interfaces between the component and the lower-level functionality provided
		by the platform to support that component. There are web containers, EJB containers, and Application
		Client Containers.
	
2. Read The Java EE Tutorial — This tutorial provides extensive material on J2EE; focus on the sections listed
here.

	a. Sections 1.7–1.8, “Java EE 7 APIs” — Explain the purpose of these technologies (only): JPA, JTA,
	JAX-RS*, JDBC, JAXB.

		JPA - standards based solution for persistence that bridges the gap between an object-oriented
		model and a relational database
		
		JTA - Provides a standard interface for demarcating transactions. Handles commits and rollbacks
		
		JAX-RS - Provides a framework for restful web services
		
		JDBC - API for Java that defines how a client may access a databse
		
		JAXB - 	Mapping Java classes to XML representations
	
	b. Section 5, “Packaging Applications” — Compare and contrast JARs, WARs & EARs.
	
		JAR - EJB modules which contain classfiles
		
		WAR - Web modules which contain entire web applications
		
		EAR - JAR and WAR packaged into a single archive		
		
3. Review these tutorials, on which the lab is based: Developing a Java EE Application & Creating and Running
Your First RESTful Web Service.

	a. Identify the IDE we’ll use for J2EE development.

		IntelliJ IDEA for Java development
	
	b. Identify the roles of the following technologies in the J2EE application: J2SE’s JDK; GlassFish.
		
		J2SE’s JDK - The Java development kit used for creating applications to run on server hardware
		
		GlassFish - Open-source server library for creating portable and scalable applications
	
	c. Explain the nature of a RESTful webservice.
	
		Resource Identification through a URI
		Uniform Interface - GET, PUT, POST, DELETE
		Self-Descriptive Messages
		Sateful interactions