1. Chapter 17

a. B+ Trees — Focus on the Section 17.3 (skipping the material on algorithms).
	i. Compare and contrast B-trees and B+-trees.
	
		A B+ tree has a root, nodes, and leaves, whereas a B+- only contains keys with no values

	ii. Explain what it means for such a tree to be balanced.

		A balanced tree is one that can be searched in log(n) time becuase all of its furthest brances
		from the root is at an equal distance

	iii. Compare and contrast tree and data pointers.

		All of the nodes in a B-tree point to other nodes, whereas a data pointer, points to actual
		pieces of data (values) that belong to a key.

b. Explain the nature of multiple-attribute indexes (see the introduction to Section 17.4).

	If an index has multiple attributes, then it will only be searchable by the one that the table
	is sorted by; if you want to find another key that isnt the main one, you will need to look at 
	every key.

c. Explain the nature of hash and bitmap indexes (see Sections 17.5.1–2).
	
	Hash indexes optimize memory, and allows searching from a table based on an index rather than the raw
	data. Bitmap indexes store data in an array based on the bits in the data, and act somewhere in between
	a hash table and a tree. They are good for categorized data.

d. Physical Database Design — Focus on the Section 17.7.
	i. Explain the concept of physical database design (PDD).
	
		Translating the logical structure of a database into the actualy SQL queries that define it.

	ii. Compare and contrast the uses for B-tree, hash and bitmap indexes in PDD.

		B-tree:
		hash:
		bitmap:
	
	iii. Explain whether denormalization should be considered a form of PDD.
	
		Denormalization could be considered a form of PDD since it uses commands to design the database in 
		such a way that it optimizes performance.
		
2. Chapter 18
	a. Explain the concept of query optimization
		
		Determining the best way to run the given query. Less to do with writing the query and more to do 
		with interpreting it. Not generally accessable by users or queries.